it has been several decades since gas
masks have become part of the face of
every person on earth
from birth to their last day every
inhabitant of our planet is forced to
wear a gas mask
no one knows precisely what happened but
one day
all the oxygen on the planet became
toxic to the lungs
somehow the poison oxygen gets into the
body through the eyes and ears too
so you can't wear a mask covering only
your nose and mouth
a gas mask with full head protection is
required
in the beginning people couldn't get
used to gas masks
your skin is very irritated itchy you
want to breathe deeply
and this is only after the first few
hours of wearing a mask
unfortunately you have to wear your
whole life
the worst thing is that there's no
salvation anywhere
you can't take off your mask at home in
a small room
while you sleep or while you eat the
only place where you can
is vacuum rooms but inside them without
air you won't last much longer there is
one other place the international space
station
but not everyone can get there the first
major problem in this life
is eating people can't hold their breath
and eat because oxygen can still get
into the lungs
now everyone uses a special hose for
food
you unhook the oxygen filter from your
mask and connect the hose
it absorbs the food while all the oxygen
is sucked out
then inside the hose a vacuum is created
from this vacuum food is delivered to
the mouth
almost all food becomes liquid like the
astronauts
vacuum restaurants are opening all over
the world
you enter a vacuum room where a table is
set you have about a minute to enjoy
your meal
after that you need to inhale air from
the oxygen tank that you take with you
but soon these places lose popularity
people begin to prefer liquid food
because it doesn't harm the teeth
which is good because dentist services
are now unsafe
years later people began to lose
interest in delicious food
because we lose much of our sense of
taste and smell
the body just loses these senses because
we stopped using them
to solve this problem developers create
oxygen filters with simulated scents
you can smell cinnamon autumn leaves
rain baking
barbecue and other odors in the gas mask
by pressing a button
people begin to think how else to
improve the masks
lenses with augmented reality are
installed now people don't remove the
mask
not only because it's unsafe they just
don't want to do it
the entire internet is in front of you
you can watch movies
play video games use the vr glasses
you can even call people through the
phone installed inside
unique series of eye gas masks are
produced
they have a stylish design camera face
conditioning system
headphones and the latest software among
all the problems that i guess solved
there's one that can blow your mind
voice changing
you can hardly hear in a typical gas
mask and the other person's ears are
closed too
to say something people had to shout to
each other or exchange
notes igas installed a speaker and
microphone in the air filter
now people can even hear each other's
whispers but the cool thing
is that the voice can be changed the
voice filter allows you to add
auto-tune speak in the voice of a
celebrity lower and raise the sound
at night the ai voice embedded inside
igas
can tell you a story or conduct a
meditation session
to calm you down and help you fall
asleep
developers of convenient gas masks have
become billionaires
but also a lot of companies have gone
bankrupt makeup is no longer necessary
because now nobody can see your face
only creams and liquids for skin care
remain
and that's all toothbrushes are gone
forever
oral hygiene is performed using a
special cleaning liquid
that resembles a mouthwash the world of
fashion and showbiz has changed
no one chooses actors for just a
beautiful face
movie stars now have the most pleasant
voices and develop body plasticity
when we can't read emotions from a
person's appearance we pay attention to
the body
people don't recognize each other by
their faces a person's personality
is expressed in their gait and posture
famous
fashion designers create beautiful and
weird accessories for gas masks
a long rhinestone studded trunk that
attaches to a filter
and hangs down to your knees massage
hats in the shape of spiders that can
massage your scalp
designer glasses for a gas mask
thanks to gas masks people become less
ill
viruses that are transmitted by airborne
droplets are no longer a threat
but because the body stops fighting
coals in the flue
the human immune system is significantly
weakened
if you are injured somewhere the wound
will take much longer to heal
it's much more difficult for people to
bear the stress
they have much less energy nobody can
take a deep breath
and enrich your cells with oxygen like
you used to so people are aging faster
sports have changed too you can't run a
marathon or get up for a morning job
training in the gym is also limited you
have a hard time breathing from heavy
loads
yes people have become more protected
but also weaker
at the same time not all people can
afford to buy eye gas
in many towns and villages people use
regular gas masks with a vacuum hose for
food these people no longer smell
anything
their vocal cords are severely damaged
because of constant stress
they always have to shout to communicate
but soon
they learned sign language their gas
masks have bad lenses and poor
audibility
their vision and hearing had also been
blunted by years of wearing gas
masks but because of the weakening of
one sense
the other was strengthened touch imagine
that you raise your hand and feel the
air humidity
the smallest temperature changes
unfortunately this is the only good
thing left in the lives of these people
the skin on their face doesn't get
enough oxygen skin cells dry out and
break down
wrinkles appear their faces suffer
greatly from dryness irritation
and inflammation fortunately eye gases
will be so popular and available
that everyone in the world will buy it
someone has the latest model
while someone else wears an old one as
soon as the whole world gets used to the
new life
scientists are creating a medication
that can help people remove their masks
governments of all countries spend many
years and a lot of money developing a
vaccine
and now scientists are finally able to
create a serum that
changes the lungs and allows them to
inhale the toxic oxygen
not all people throw away their eye
gases some just don't want to leave
their virtual reality
and some born in such a world are just
afraid to remove the mask
adults and old people who remember
breathing with an open face
will immediately get rid of eye gases
and never return to them
when this happens you notice ashen faces
on the streets
eyebrows eyelashes and hair have lost
color
eyes turn red because they quickly get
tired of the vast amount of light
the cosmetics industry is reborn people
feel happier
you also decide to remove the mask you
go
outside take your last breath in the eye
gas
then you slowly pull it off your face
the light breeze that blows in your face
feels like an icy hurricane
you want to put the mask back on but you
refuse
the sun blinds your eyes and you want to
put on your glasses
you're doing what you've always wanted
to do
take a breath of fresh air it's
incredibly pleasant
then you feel something strange and
sneeze
but don't worry you just inhale dust
the serum that improved your lungs also
restored your immune system
you are protected from any cold and flu